Where did the little Taoist come from?
A wooden sword should be rampant here
Mind your own business
I am a devil saint
Can't handle a broken dragon mouth sword
No small solution
Your wooden sword actually blocked the power of my God of War
deja vu
You're just a mortal
How can there be a memory of the bones of the gods?
Until God suffers
Four hundred years ago
I was assassinated and seriously injured
It just so happens that the beautiful woman is saved by magic
I have sworn
If you see that woman again, you will be a cow and a horse for him
But who knew that he would be buried in the Devil Realm
The woman you mentioned
Who is your last name?
His name is Yuhan
The old man has devoted himself to cultivating loyal Yinglong for hundreds of years
Just want to avenge him
Boy, I do it for you
Why do you have the aura of divine martial arts?
Tell the truth
I am the fiancé who kept out the cold 400 years ago
Xiao Yingfeng, the young master of Shenyun Sect
Since he already has a fiancée
Why would I care?
I lie and don't look in the mirror
I close your bloodline
But ordinary little Taoist
The old man hates deception the most in his life
I'm afraid you stole the divine bone in your body too, right?
This is Dragon Ball
Treat you demons and evil sins
Eating lobster is so dazzling
Are you afraid?
You don't want to hurt him
Mortal bodies dare to court death with dragon Taoism
Today I will kill these two demon monsters
Marry your tiger again